Add dplyr methods (#951)
r-lib/vctrs: NEWS.md

# vctrs (development version)

* `vec_cbind()` now calls `vec_restore()` on inputs emptied of their

>   columns. This happens before taking the common type. This has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  columns before computing the common type. This has
```

  consequences for data frame classes with special columns that
  devolve into simpler classes when the columns are subsetted
  out. These classes are now always simplified by `vec_cbind()`.

>   For instance, column-binding a grouped data frame with a data frame

Reviewer: Thinking purely in terms of dplyr, this doesn't feel right to me, because it doesn't seem like adding columns to the RHS should change the grouping defined by the LHS. 

Crazy thought: could we say the the class of the output is defined purely by the LHS? (This might end up being more consistent with dplyr joins)

  now produces a tibble (the simplified class of a grouped data
  frame).

* dplyr methods are now implemented for `vec_restore()`,
  `vec_ptype2()`, and `vec_cast()`. The user-visible consequence (and

>   breaking change) is that combining a grouped data frame and a data

Reviewer: By combining you mean row-binding?

Author: I meant any operation relying on a `vec_ptype2()` reduction, including row-binding.
